Now, from a memory management perspective creating
variables on the stack does not require much thought and effort from you as a programmer.
The operating system can expand and contract the stack by moving
the stack memory pointed downwards or upwards, and if possible,
you should allocate variables on the stack as
a default because allocation and deallocation are faster there and
there is no special deallocation needed by you or
manual deallocation because this is done automatically by the operating system.
There is the danger of a program crash when the size of the stack memory is exceeded.
In case you need to maintain large data structures such as images or videos,
you should use the dynamic heap memory instead.
Also, the heap offers higher flexibility for the deallocations as we will soon see.
But before we learn more about the heap though,
we need to revisit the concepts of call by value and call by reference,
which you surely will have heard about as they have
a direct influence of how and where memory is allocated.
Let's take a look at the next section.